docs: add spectral ruleset docs (#790)
asyncapi/parser-js: README.md

- `jsonPath()` which returns the JSON Path of the given object.
- `meta()` which returns the metadata of a given object, like a parsed AsyncAPI Document.

## Spectral rulesets

[Spectral](https://github.com/stoplightio/spectral) powers the validation of AsyncAPI documents within ParserJS. For this reason, it is possible to use your rulesets/rules or overwrite existing ones, passing the `ruleset` option to the Parser instance: 

```ts
import { Parser, stringify, unstringify } from '@asyncapi/parser';
const parser = new Parser({
  ruleset: {
    extends: [],
    rules: {
      'asyncapi-defaultContentType': 'off',
      'asyncapi-termsOfService': {
        description: 'Info "termsOfService" should be present and non-empty string.',
        recommended: true,
        given: '$',
        then: {
          field: 'info.termsOfService',
          function: 'truthy',
        },
      },
    }
  }
});

> // One of diagnostics should have `asyncapi-termsOfService` code with `warning` severity, because we didn't define the `$.info.termsOfService` field.
> // Also we should won't see the diagnostics related to the omitted `defaultContentType` field.

Reviewer: I suggest we do a rewording so it clarifies a bit the expected behaviour: 

```suggestion
// The returned diagnostics object will include `asyncapi-termsOfService` diagnostic with `warning` severity because `$.info.termsOfService` is not defined in the following AsyncAPI document.
// On the other hand, since we turned it off, we won't see the diagnostics related to the `defaultContentType` field.
```
